awful start up opposition from yucca
Smurfs on the mill sport to cutting and
dropped him right back into the pack as
his rivals took advantage initially done
in put his first-ever football start and
he got the Quattro plug bournemouth
Kawasaki out front early on josh brooks
was behind him for the first four or
five loves constantly looking for a way
around the outside or lease just
shadowing chaperoning macao asaki
realizing that the North Yorkshire was
setting a good pace and the work one or
two problems further down filled with
people
or for life christophe pourcel on the
whole star of my mojo went down early on
a heavy fall for him finally just booked
his Underwood tried to make a move and
just put underneath members as they drop
down what
after that it was a moat by shakey Byrne
who somehow got underneath
put him through in the second place for
the poor woman you a Kiki an hour ago
despite moments like that was really on
the mode with the build base BMW and he
goes down into the slipstream behind
limpets Kawasaki sweater on the outside
and straight through into third position
as they cut down to the club she came
no way back for Dan at that point so
that cherished prospect of a podium
looked to be slipping away but now it
was all down jus shakey Byrne and that
that moved by you a cheeky NRI he cuts
through head of shaky burn burn honey
gone too soon because that gave shaking
a target that he needed on the
championship leader clocked out of the
slipstream bubble and just cook through
on the inside on the final lap and a
huge moment for UGK anari two-bedroom
challenging for second place a victory
over milwaukee yamaha josh called second
chamber and third canary fourth or done
little this was the moment that cost can
re any chance of second-place great win
for brooksville